Welcome back everyone to this quick challenge to test your skills on SELECT DISTINCT calls.
We'll go over an example situation correspond that to a sequel challenge then show the expected results.
And if you need them we'll show you hints.
And the solution to the situation is we have a visitor who isn't from the USA They're from Australia
and so they're not familiar with the Motion Picture Association of America's movie rating system such
as PDP 13 are et cetera.
So you need to know what are the types of ratings we have in our database.
So what ratings do we have available.
See if you can actually change that question and correspond it to the correct sequel challenge.
OK so the sequel challenges usually learned about select the stink to retrieve the distinct rating types
are films could have in our database coming up next is the expect the solution or expected result so
the expected result should look something like this.
It may not be in this exact order but you should get the ratings G P G P G 13 R and NC 17 OK.
Here are some hints if you need them so the hints are to use the film table and you can use select Asterix
from film to see what columns are available or use the dropdown table menu and P.G. admin to see what
the appropriate columnist actually query from the film table.
Coming up next.
Is the solution so the solution is actually very simple just select distinct rating from film.
OK.
And you can go ahead and run that in PGI.
I mean if you want to just run the solution for yourself.
OK.
Coming up next we're going to start talking about one of the most useful sequel fundamentals which is
the Select where statement.
I'll see you there.